Add SC2.5.8 Target Size in guidelines (#626)
Orange-OpenSource/a11y-guidelines: src/en/web/design/layout.md

## Minimum target size

**Target:** Everyone, especially people with visual impairments and those with motor or mobility disabilities.  
**When:** during design and development.

**Description:**  
- Interactive elements must have a sufficiently large target size or be adequately spaced to be easily activated, reducing the risk of errors.
- Interactive elements must measure at least 24 pixels height by 24 pixels width. It is essential to consider the entire click or touch area, not just the text or image.

**Checklist:**
- Verify the dimensions of interactive elements.
- Ensure that interactive elements meet a minimum target size of 24 pixels height by 24 pixels width, under all display conditions regardless of zoom level or viewport size.

**Compliant exceptions:**

> - If interactive elements have a target size smaller than the minimum of 24x24 pixels but are positioned so that a circle with a diameter of 24 pixels centered on each does not overlap with other interactive elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If interactive elements have a target size smaller than the minimum of 24x24 pixels but are positioned so that a circle with a diameter of 24 pixels centered on the target does not overlap with another target or the circle for an undersized target.
```

> - If the target size of the interactive element is less than 24x24 pixels but there is a compliant alternative that allows the same action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the target size of the interactive element is less than 24x24 pixels but there is a compliant alternative in the page that allows the same action.
```
